docs: add description for OKTETO_LOCAL_REGISTRY_STORE_ENABLED (#672)
okteto/docs: src/content/core/okteto-variables.mdx

Okteto provides a list of variables that serve as feature flags for some of the features we release in our product. Below is a list of those variables that you can use to leverage these newer and experimental features:

- `OKTETO_SMART_BUILDS_ENABLED`: enables the "smart builds" feature that uses a hash of the build context to determine if an image needs to be rebuilt or can be pulled from the registry. This can accelerate build times.
- `OKTETO_COMPOSE_VOLUME_AFFINITY_ENABLED`: Compose services mounting the same volume will be placed on the same node using Kubernetes's pod affinity. (Defaults to `true`)
- `OKTETO_KUBERNETES_TIMEOUT`: specifies the timeout while deploying. (defaults to `0`)

> - `OKTETO_FORCE_REMOTE`: if true deploy the repository on the cluster vs locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `OKTETO_FORCE_REMOTE`: if set to "true", the CLI will run deploy and destroy commands on the cluster instead of running them locally.
```

Okteto provides a list of variables that serve as feature flags for some of the features we release in our product. Below is a list of those variables that you can use to leverage these newer and experimental features:

- `OKTETO_SMART_BUILDS_ENABLED`: enables the "smart builds" feature that uses a hash of the build context to determine if an image needs to be rebuilt or can be pulled from the registry. This can accelerate build times.
- `OKTETO_COMPOSE_VOLUME_AFFINITY_ENABLED`: Compose services mounting the same volume will be placed on the same node using Kubernetes's pod affinity. (Defaults to `true`)
- `OKTETO_KUBERNETES_TIMEOUT`: specifies the timeout while deploying. (defaults to `0`)
- `OKTETO_FORCE_REMOTE`: if true deploy the repository on the cluster vs locally.
- `OKTETO_FOLDER`: defines the path where the okteto folder is located (defaults to `$OKTETO_HOME/.okteto`).

> - `OKTETO_REMOTE_CLI_IMAGE`: specifies the CLI image that Okteto is going to use while deploying/destroying on remote.

Reviewer 2: Is this for internal usage? should we undocument it?

- `OKTETO_LOCAL_REGISTRY_STORE_ENABLED`: enables the local registry credentials over the credentials stored in the cluster. (Defaults to `true`) 
- `OKTETO_USE_STATIC_KUBETOKEN`: use a fixed token rather than a dynamic token for interactions with the Kubernetes API. (Defaults to `false`)
- `OKTETO_AUTOGENERATE_STIGNORE`: if true generates the `.stignore` file when running `okteto up`. (Defaults to `false`)
- `OKTETO_AUTODEPLOY`: if set forces the deployment of the development environment on `okteto up` (Defaults to `false`)
- `OKTETO_COMPOSE_UPDATE_STRATEGY`: defines the update strategy that the compose must translate (it can be one of: `rolling`/`recreate`/`on-delete`)
- `OKTETO_DISABLE_SPINNER`: if set disables the spinner rotation (defaults to `false`)
- `OKTETO_K8S_REQUESTS_LOGGER_ENABLED`: If true logs all requests to the kubernetes API. (defaults to `true`)
- `OKTETO_SYNCTHING_VERSION`: specifies the syncthing version the CLI must use

> - `OKTETO_EXECUTE_SSH`: specifies if the command must be executed through SSH vs Kubernetes exec (defaults to `true`)

Reviewer 2: should we undocument `OKTETO_EXECUTE_SSH`?

Okteto provides a list of variables that serve as feature flags for some of the features we release in our product. Below is a list of those variables that you can use to leverage these newer and experimental features:

- `OKTETO_SMART_BUILDS_ENABLED`: enables the "smart builds" feature that uses a hash of the build context to determine if an image needs to be rebuilt or can be pulled from the registry. This can accelerate build times.

> - `OKTETO_COMPOSE_VOLUME_AFFINITY_ENABLED`: Compose services mounting the same volume will be placed on the same node using Kubernetes's pod affinity. (Defaults to `true`)

Reviewer 2: @jLopezbarb since this is not a technical reference doc, I would limit the environment variables explained here to the ones we expect our users to use. For example, for some of them we already have fields at the manifest level

- `OKTETO_KUBERNETES_TIMEOUT`: specifies the timeout while deploying. (defaults to `0`)
- `OKTETO_FORCE_REMOTE`: if true deploy the repository on the cluster vs locally.
- `OKTETO_FOLDER`: defines the path where the okteto folder is located (defaults to `$OKTETO_HOME/.okteto`).
- `OKTETO_REMOTE_CLI_IMAGE`: specifies the CLI image that Okteto is going to use while deploying/destroying on remote.
- `OKTETO_LOCAL_REGISTRY_STORE_ENABLED`: enables the local registry credentials over the credentials stored in the cluster. (Defaults to `true`) 

> - `OKTETO_BIN`: version of the CLI that the init containers will use.

Reviewer 2: Let's skip it, this is supported at the manifest level

> - `OKTETO_SKIP_CLEANUP`: if set skips the deletion of the syncthing folder when running `okteto down`

Reviewer 2: What's the use case for this? If we don't have a clear use case, let's undocumented it

Reviewer 2: We don't need to document them publicly if they are for internal usage. I guess this is an internal variable for the installer job

> - `OKTETO_USE_STATIC_KUBETOKEN`: use a fixed token rather than a dynamic token for interactions with the Kubernetes API. (Defaults to `false`)

Reviewer 2: Do we want our customers to use this feature? Or should we delete its support?

- `OKTETO_HOME`: defines the path of okteto folder (Defaults to `$HOME`)

> - `OKTETO_URL`:  specifies the Okteto cluster URL to connect to.

Reviewer 2: This is deprecated in favor of `OKTETO_CONTEXT`

> - `OKTETO_TOKEN`: specifies the Okteto token that should be used to connect to the Okteto cluster.

Reviewer 2: I think `OKTETO_CONTEXT`, `OKTETO_TOKEN` and `OKTETO_NAMESPACE` aren't feature flags. They require a dedicated section

- `OKTETO_CONTEXT`: specifies the Kubernetes cluster name to connect to.
- `OKTETO_NAMESPACE`: specifies the Kubernetes namespace that the CLI will operate.

> - `COMPOSE_FILE`: specifies the compose file that the user has to use.

Reviewer 2: What's the use case for this instead of using `-f`? I don't think we should document this as a feature flag

- `OKTETO_AUTOGENERATE_STIGNORE`: if true generates the `.stignore` file when running `okteto up`. (Defaults to `false`)
- `OKTETO_AUTODEPLOY`: if set forces the deployment of the development environment on `okteto up` (Defaults to `false`)

> - `OKTETO_DEPOT_TOKEN`: specifies the Depot token that the build is going to use.

Reviewer 2: Let's undocument depot envvars, this will be configured at the chart level

- `OKTETO_DEPOT_PROJECT_ID`: specifies the Depot project ID where the image will be built.

> - `KUBECONFIG`: specifies where the kubeconfig is stored (several files can be set by separating them by `:` on unix systems and `;` on windows)

Reviewer 2: This isn't not an okteto variable, right? If yes, we should rename it to `OKTETO_KUBECONFIG`. Let's create an issue for it an undocumented it for now

> - `BUILDKIT_PROGRESS`: defines the output progress that buildkit must show.

Reviewer 2: I think this is an internal variable. If we want to expose it, we should rename it to `OKTETO_BUILDKIT_PROGRESS`

- `OKTETO_COMPOSE_UPDATE_STRATEGY`: defines the update strategy that the compose must translate (it can be one of: `rolling`/`recreate`/`on-delete`)
- `OKTETO_DISABLE_SPINNER`: if set disables the spinner rotation (defaults to `false`)
- `OKTETO_K8S_REQUESTS_LOGGER_ENABLED`: If true logs all requests to the kubernetes API. (defaults to `true`)
- `OKTETO_SYNCTHING_VERSION`: specifies the syncthing version the CLI must use

> - `OKTETO_EXECUTE_SSH`: specifies if the command must be executed through SSH vs Kubernetes exec (defaults to `true`)

Reviewer 2: Let's not document this. Instead, let's create an issue to remove the logic for k8s exec and always use SSH

> - `OKTETO_FORCE_REMOTE`:

Reviewer 2: @jLopezbarb could you also remove, add, or document the rest of the feature flag envvars the CLI is using?

Author: Should I do it in this PR or on another one? I'll try to do it tomorrow

Reviewer 2: Both works

- `OKTETO_FOLDER`:
- `OKTETO_REMOTE_CLI_IMAGE`:

> - `OKTETO_LOCAL_REGISTRY_STORE_ENABLED`: enables the local registry credentials and uses them instead of the one stored in the cluster.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `OKTETO_LOCAL_REGISTRY_STORE_ENABLED`: enables the registry credentials stored locally and uses them instead of the one stored in the cluster.
```

In the other form I was understanding at the beginning that the registry was local. WDYT @codyjlandstrom ?

Reviewer 2: It's not one or the other, it's to use the local credentials over cluster credentials, but if you don't have a local entry for the cluster credentials, the cluster credentials are used. We should also document the default value
